take a look at this it lit up the sky
and the telephones across two states
many people thought this bright light in
the sky now confirmed as a meteor was in
fact a UFO well the video taken was from
a police dish cam a dashcam while the
meteor passed through the sky over Bell
County Texas during a traffic stop as
local twos Ryan chorus guard shows us
not everybody is ready to believe it was
just a meteor and the story is all new
at 5:00 I really wonder what it actually
looked like to see that meteors
streaking across the sky but up close
this one gives you an idea this one was
gathered in the 1920s from Arizona if
you really get down here and try and
pick it up you probably can't that's
because it weighs about 400 pounds but
it really gives you a close-up look at
what a meteorite
looks like take a look at this a traffic
stop near Belton Texas caught more than
just a driver it caught a meteor
streaking across the sky at about 8
o'clock Wednesday night the FAA says
that people saw it as far north as
Stillwater Oklahoma and as far south as
right here in Houston
Daniel Garcia saw it pretty much it was
like a long streak of light white light
in the sky very overcast and just trying
to go get some gas and just saw some
real flashy and turn colors and then all
of a sudden he just went back to white
and just burned out this is what it
looked like from a dashcam from someone
driving through Austin follow the cursor
and you'll see it a photographer in San
Antonio caught this bright flash on
camera the planetarium instructor at the
Houston Museum of Natural Science says
the meteors usually burn up in video
music that unpredictable sometimes since
it comes in very fast
this is very frightening you look at and
it was very unusual you know to see
something like that just come out of
nowhere the people who actually track
the movement of the meteors across the
sky say for this event right now they're
still gathering information from
hundreds of people who have eyewitness
accounts at the Houston Museum of
Natural Science Ryan Coors guard KPRC
local 2 now others first thought that
the meteor might be an airplane the FAA
says no way the experts say the meteor
might never have even hit the earth